Nightmare form details
1. At least 10 times more powerful than their regular forms
2. No one is able to overpower them, not even the archons (unless if the archons have a Nightmare form active)
3. It takes a Nightmare to counter a Nightmare, or something equivalent to that power
4. All attacks are enhanced and infused with the character's element
5. Beating a Nightmare in a rap battle can only render their attacks useless for a limited amount of time
6. It's possible to remove a Nightmare form, but it takes a lot of power and endurance in order to do so
7. A Nightmare form can be disabled at will, but to activate it, you need a certain catalyst...
8. Nightmare characters automatically get Nightmare artifacts. These artifacts have every substat imaginable and are probably the most cracked you'll ever seen.
In addition, the Nightmare set results in +100% Elemental AND Physical DMG, plus 1000% of every stat on the character (both 2 pc and 4 pc effects combined).
9. Nightmare characters automatically get a Nightmare weapon, simply named Nightmare (weapon type).
Base ATK: 5000
Main Stat: CRIT DMG 200%
Passive: Grants Nightmare effects to opponents hit by any attack
Opponents affected by Nightmare have their health STOLEN from them, about 1000 HP every 2s
They also take 69% increased DMG
Nightmare can be inflicted on as many opponents as possible
If an opponent inflicted with Nightmare is above 50% HP, the character's ATK is doubled. This can stack for unlimited stacks.
Nightmare Ganyu talents:
Normal Attack: Normal attacks are now twice as fast, and her arrows are infused with Cryo
Charged attack:
1st lvl charge deals double than what you usually deal
2nd lvl charge retains its proportional DMG relative to the 1st lvl charge (so increased DMG) and there’s a secondary explosion after the 1st one
The secondary explosion consists of multiple explosions, the number of which depending on the number of icicles spread out from the 1st one
2nd charge attack lands instantly when released
Plunging attack: Infused with Cryo

E: 3 lotuses instead of 1, so you can deal triple DMG
Each lotus also explodes 3 times when duration expires

Q: Cryo DMG increase is increased to 60%
Icicles now actively target opponents in its AoE, and deal AoE Cryo DMG
AoE of burst is increased by 50%
Upon ending, her burst explodes, dealing Cryo DMG

Additional talent: Ganyu’s Cryo attacks CAN HURT ANY CRYO OPPONENT (including Cryo slimes and Specters).
However, DMG taken by Cryo slimes and Specters is decreased by 50% if DMG dealt is Cryo DMG 
Nightmare Xiao talents:
Normal and charged attacks: Deals a separate instance of Anemo DMG aside from the usual Physical DMG
Charged attacks don't consume stamina
Plunging attacks: Double DMG than usual

E: Increased DMG, added an AoE (consider a sniper vs a shotgun)

Q: Xiao no longer has health drain when his burst is active
Anemo infusion is as usual, but with a twist:
-Normal attacks deal double DMG
-Charged attacks and E deal triple DMG
-Plunging attacks deal quadruple DMG
AoE of both E and Q is increased
When Xiao hit an opponent, that opponent is marked with Karma
Karma has the following effects:
-DMG taken is increased based on the amount of DMG taken already
-Xiao's usual health drain is offloaded to the marked opponent. Every HP lost is given to Xiao (AKA lifesteal)
Each opponent's Karma effects are calculated separately

Xiao's Anemo DMG can hurt Anemo slimes and specters, but those 2 enemies take 50% less DMG 
Nightmare Zhongli talents:
Normal attack talent in general: Infused with Geo
Normal attacks summon 2 additional rocks to hit opponents with, those rocks deal both Physical and Geo DMG

E: Tap: Summons 5 pillars to surround opponents in front of him, which deal Geo DMG
Pillars function the same, however once their duration is up, or if they're destroyed, they will explode, dealing Geo DMG. They also have a larger AoE
Hold: Grants a shield, deals Geo DMG and summons pillars to cover the AoE of the hold-E attack

Q: 1 meteor doesn't seem to be enough, so why not an asteroid storm?
Meteors will constantly bombard an area similar to Nahida's Q. These meteors are the same ones that you usually summon with Q
Petrified opponents take double DMG from claymores and Geo attacks

Miscellaneous:
Zhongli's passive where his attacks are scaled with HP is changed
Normal attack talent is scaled by about 50% of his HP
E talent is scaled by 100% of HP
Q talent is scaled by 500% of HP

Zhongli's Geo DMG can hurt Geo elemental beings, and he deals FULL DMG to them (nothing is immune to his attacks)

Nightmare Keqing talents:
Normal attack talent: Infused with Electro, will deal an additional instance of Physical DMG as well
ATK SPD is increased by 50% for both Normal and Charged attacks

Elemental skill: When landing her Stiletto, it will deal a small explosion of Electro DMG
Tap E: Explodes Stiletto after teleporting, followed by a 360° slash around her, both dealing Electro DMG
When Keqing teleports, she knocks enemies with Electro DMG while on the way
Charged attack: Stiletto explodes, lands Electro affliction on enemies, both instances dealing Electro DMG
This affliction spreads to other enemies and connects them like a circuit
Once there are no more enemies to spread, affliction is removed via a larger Electro explosion on EACH enemy

Elemental burst: Silhouettes remain as they were after using burst, then explode, dealing Electro DMG
The burst is sped up by 50%, and grants Keqing the Charged Burst effect for 60s
Charged Burst:
Charged attacks are converted into her non-nightmare form Elemental Burst, and don't consume stamina
Her Nightmare form burst's DMG is basically her non-Nightmare form burst's DMG × number of hits that you deal with the burst (i.e. you're landing a burst for every single hit you do)

Keqing can hurst Electro slimes and specters with her Electro DMG, but those 2 mobs take 50% less DMG

Her Nightmare form gives her an additional passive talent.
Weak point: Keqing is able to break elemental shields 2 times faster, and she deals 50% more of her usual DMG to opponents with an Electro shield
(i.e. she's a shieldbreaker, or in some cases can completely ignore shields to kill enemies)

Nightmare Kokomi's talents:
Normal attack talent: Her attacks can cause enemies to slip and fall, even with elemental shields (i.e. Abyss mages)
Her normal attacks throw triple attack bursts at enemies rather than a single fish/bubble

Elemental skill: Bake-Kurage has an increased AoE, heals allies to 100% HP instantly, and can also cause enemies to slip and fall
In addition, it can cause life drain on enemies
When its duration is up, it will explode quite violently, dealing Hydro DMG, and causing water ripples to go out in a certain AoE, dealing Hydro DMG to enemies along the way

Elemental burst: Using it not only deals Hydro DMG, but will also cause enemies to slip
When using her burst, all party members will gain temporary max HP, up to 50% of Kokomi's max HP.
This HP isn't rechargeable, unless if you use Kokomi's burst again
Her attacks basically deal quadruple DMG when her burst is active
Her attacks can cause do life drain on opponents, which CAN stack without limit
Each stack of life drain lasts for 5s

Flawless Strategy: Her 100% decrease in CRIT Rate is no more, and her Healing Bonus is increased to 100%

An additional passive for her when she's in her Nightmare form:
Flow like Water: Kokomi can not only walk on water, but she can fly as well
Hold SPACE to ascend upwards. There is a height limit though (about 10m off of the ground below her is the limit)

Constellations: At C6, she's able to quickly escape by throwing a puddle of water before disappearing within it. This regenerates 50% of her HP, and renders her immobile but invulnerable for 10s